[THUNDER]
Foster:
STUDENTS OF NORTH ACADEMY!
I PRESENT TO YOU OUR SCHOOL'S
NEW TOP DUELIST.
AND I PRESENT TO HIM...
NORTH ACADEMY'S
TOP DUELING CARDS.
HMM.
WITH THEM,
YOU...WILL TRIUMPH!
YOU...
WILL CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP...
[CHANTING CONTINUES]
DUEL ACADEMY IS TOAST!
[CHEERING]
CHAZZ IT UP!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX, GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
COME ON OUT,
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN!
AND NOW...BURSTINATRIX!
AND WHILE
WE'RE AT IT...CLAYMAN!
SPARKMAN,
YOU GUYS COME OUT, TOO!
YEAH...
I'VE GOT
THE SWEETEST MONSTERS EVER.
WITH YOU GUYS
FIGHTIN' ON MY SIDE,
WE'LL WHUP WHOEVER NORTH ACADEMY
THROWS OUR WAY!
Syrus:
HEEEY, JAY!
HUH?
THERE YOU ARE!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
EVERYONE'S WAITING
FOR YOU!
FOR ME? WHAT FOR?
FOR THE MEET
AND GREET!
NORTH ACADEMY
JUST SHOWED!
YOUR OPPONENT
IS HERE!
THEN WHAT ARE YOU WAITIN'
AROUND HERE FOR?!
LET'S GO!
WELL, YEAH,
I MEAN, THAT'S WHY--
AW, WAIT UP!
FOSTER.
IT'S BEEN FAR TOO LONG.
HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
I'VE BEEN WELL...
EVER SINCE I GOT OVER
THE DEFEAT YOU HANDED US
IN LAST YEAR'S
SCHOOL DUEL.
OH, IT WAS
A CLOSE MATCH.
NOT REALLY.
HUH?
BUT THIS YEAR, I HAVE
A FEELING IT WILL BE.
YES!
I'M SURE IT WILL!
TO A SPIRITED DUEL
BETWEEN OUR
TWO SCHOOLS!
YEAH, YEAH, SPIRITED!
BUT ENOUGH WITH
ALL THE HOWYADOIN'S!
I WANNA MEET WHO
I'M GONNA BE DUELIN'!
YES, JADEN...
WE WERE GETTING
TO THAT.
GREAT. THEN I'LL
JUST WAIT RIGHT HERE
'TIL WE GET THERE.
JADEN.
SO YOU'RE
DUEL ACADEMY'S PHENOM.
PHENOM?!
THAT'S THE COOLEST THING
I'VE EVER BEEN CALLED.
WHAT'S IT MEAN?
IT MEANS BE QUIET.
SO COME ON, COME ON!
WHEN DO I MEET
MY OPPONENT?
Chazz: RIGHT NOW, SLACKER.
HUH?
WHO JUST SAID THAT?!
IT'S ME.
WHOA, HOLD ON!
AM I SEEIN' THINGS,
OR IS THAT CHAZZ?!
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT.
WELL,
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
FOR THE DUEL.
I THINK
IT'S SOLD OUT.
I'M IN IT!
LIKE AS A REF?
I'M DUELING YOU!
YOU MEAN...IT'S YOU?
YOU'RE NORTH ACADEMY'S
DUEL REP?!
SINCE WHEN
DID YOU TRANSFER?
SINCE I STOPPED
GETTING THE RESPECT
I DESERVED HERE.
THAT'S RIGHT!
YEAH.
NOW IT'S PAYBACK.
YOU WON'T
GIVE HIM RESPECT,
SO HE'LL TAKE IT.
HE'LL
CHAZZ YOU UP!
BIG TIME.
HMM.
[HELICOPTERS]
AW, GREAT...
NOW WHAT?!
HI, CHAZZ!
WHAT'S GOING ON,
LITTLE BROTHER?
MIND IF WE DROP IN?
Chazz: SLADE? JAGGER?!
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
Jagger: WHY ELSE?
TO CELEBRATE YOUR
BIG DUELING VICTORY!
YOU ARE GOING TO WIN,
RIGHT, CHAZZ?
THAT'S IT!
BEAUTIFUL!
JUST ACT NATURAL!
Man: ALL RIGHT,
A LITTLE MORE
TO THE RIGHT.
OK, WE'RE
ALL SET HERE
WITH CAMERA TWO.
UH, WHAT'S
GOING ON HERE?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I THINK YA MEAN
WHEN ARE YOU GOING ON,
AND THE ANSWER
IS PRIMETIME, BABY!
THIS SCHOOL DUEL'S
GONNA BE BROADCAST
WORLDWIDE!
NO WAY! ME ON TV?!
MY FACE BEAMED
ACROSS THE WORLD?!
IN FULL COLOR?
IN FULL STEREO?!
YOU SET IT UP, DIDN'T YOU?
THIS BROADCAST.
WELL, OF COURSE
WE DID.
WE NEED
THE WHOLE WORLD
TO SEE YOU'RE
ON YOUR WAY
TO BECOMING
DUEL MONSTER'S BEST.
IT'S ALL PART
OF THE PLAN.
YEAH, YEAH...
LOOK...
WORLD DOMINATION IS OURS
FOR THE TAKING,
IF WE ALL DO
OUR PART, CHAZZ.
AND WE HAVE.
NOW IT'S
YOUR TURN, BRO--
TO CONQUER THE WORLD
OF DUEL MONSTERS.
TO BE THE BEST.
AND TO NOT GIVE UP!
DID YOU REALLY THINK
YOU COULD GET AWAY
FROM YOUR DUTIES,
GET AWAY FROM US BY
DROPPING OUT OF DUEL ACADEMY?!
I...I...
DON'T DENY IT!
YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN
THE SLACKER OF THIS FAMILY!
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
THE POINT IS, CHAZZ,
YOU CAN STILL
TURN IT AROUND.
YOU CAN STILL SHOW
THAT WE'RE SUPREME.
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND THE DUELING CARDS
IN THIS BRIEFCASE
ARE GOING TO HELP YOU
DO JUST THAT.
THEY'RE THE MOST
EXPENSIVE OUT THERE,
SO YOU HAVE
NO EXCUSE TO LOSE.
DON'T LET US DOWN, CHAZZ.
DON'T LET
THE PRINCETON NAME DOWN.
IT'S ALL ON YOU.
NOW GO...AND WIN!
MAN, IF I'D KNOWN
I WAS GONNA BE ON TV,
I WOULDA COMBED MY HAIR.
I MIGHT'VE EVEN WASHED IT.
I PROBABLY
WOULD'VE EVEN SHOWERED!
Chazz: MAN UP, CHAZZ.
HUH!?
MAN UP!
COME ON!
SHOW THEM THAT CHAZZ PRINCETON
IS NO SLACKER--
THAT YOU'RE WORTHY
OF THE PRINCETON NAME.
THAT YOU...YOU CAN WIN!
AND THAT YOU
CAN KEEP WINNING!
OVER AND OVER...
THAT YOU'RE THE BEST!
YOU'VE GOT TO DO
YOUR PART, CHAZZ.
YOU'VE GOT
TO SHOW THEM THAT
YOU'RE SUPREME.
IT'S YOUR DUTY!
IT'S THE PLAN!
NOW GO AND WIN.
GO AND WIN. GO AND WIN!
[CHEERING]
THAT'S IT, EVERYONE.
LOTS OF ENERGY.
REMEMBER THE WHOLE
WORLD'S WATCHING
THIS THING LIVE!
NOW LET'S CHEER
THESE DUELISTS ON!
GO! CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!
SAME BET AS USUAL...
RIGHT, SHEPPARD?
YOU DO REMEMBER.
ABSOLUTELY!
AFTER ALL,
OLD FRIEND,
IT'S WHAT MAKES THIS
ALL WORTHWHILE!
HA HA HA!
[LAUGHING]
ALL RIGHT, JADEN!
HERE WE GO!
THE MATCH AGAINST
YOUR DUELING RIVAL!
YOUR ARCH NEMESIS!
HOW DO YOU FEEL?!
I'M OK.
OK?!
DON'T YOU
MEAN "SWEET"
OR SOMETHING?
NO, I FEEL GOOD.
IT'S JUST THAT...
WELL...I OVERHEARD CHAZZ
A BIT EARLIER AND...
IT'S JUST TOO BAD
ONE OF US HAS TO
LOSE, YA KNOW?
I'M STARTIN'
TO KINDA UNDERSTAND
WHERE HE'S COMIN' FROM,
AND IT'S NOT EXACTLY
AN EASY PLACE.
[CHEERING]
Sheppard:
ATTENTION, STUDENTS!
WELCOME TO
THE SCHOOL DUEL!
AND NOW...
Both: LET THIS YEAR'S
COMPETITION FINALLY BEGIN!
DR. CROWLER!
INTRODUCE
THE DUELISTS!
Crowler: WITH PLEASURE,
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD...
AFTER ALL, THESE ARE
TWO DUELISTS THAT
I KNOW PERSONALLY!
AND PERSONALLY,
I JUST ADORE THEM!
NOW FIRST,
FROM DUEL ACADEMY--
[CHEERING]
ALL RIGHT, KEEP IT DOWN,
KEEP IT DOWN...
INTRODUCING...
JADEN YUCKY!
WHAT'S THAT?
OH, YES. YOOKI. YOOKI.
GO, JAY!
YOU CAN DO IT!
AND HIS OPPONENT...
Chazz:
GET OFF THE STAGE.
OH!
I'LL INTRODUCE MYSELF,
YOU SCRUB.
I BEG YOUR PARDON!
SCRUBS DON'T HAVE
Ph.D.'s IN DUELING!
AH! AAH!
ALTHOUGH KNOT-TYING MIGHT
HAVE BEEN A BETTER MAJOR.
OR RATHER UN-TYING.
AAH!
UHH!
OHH...
WHOA, MAYBE YOU OUGHTA
GO CORDLESS NEXT TIME.
MAYBE YOU JUST
OUGHT TO BE QUIET.
IT'S CHAZZ PRINCETON'S
TURN NOW.
BUT THEN, I DON'T REALLY
NEED AN INTRODUCTION.
AFTER ALL, EVERYBODY HERE
KNOWS WHO I AM.
OR...DO YOU?!
SEE, CHAZZ PRINCETON
HAS CHANGED!
SURE, I USED TO BE
A CLASSMATE OF YOURS.
BUT WHEN I LEFT HERE,
I LEFT MY OLD SELF,
AS WELL!
NOW YOU'RE LOOKING
AT THE NEW
AND IMPROVED CHAZZ!
THE NORTH ACADEMY CHAZZ!
AND I'M HERE TO...
CHAZZ IT UP!
THAT'S RIGHT!
SAY IT AGAIN!
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!
WOW. IT'S ALMOST
LIKE THEY REALLY...
LIKE CHAZZ.
NO MERCY, CHAZZ!
GOT THAT RIGHT.
YEAH!!!
ALL RIGHT...GO TIME.
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU GOT, JADEN.
WITH PLEASURE!
NO. THE PLEASURE'S
GOING TO BE ALL MINE,
BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
DUEL!
CHAZZ IT UP!
TAKE HIM DOWN, CHAZZ!
ASK AND YOU
SHALL RECEIVE!
FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I'M GOING
TO SUMMON A MONSTER
WITH SOME BITE!
RISE, MASKED DRAGON!
[ROARING]
[CHEERING]
THAT'LL DO FOR NOW.
Jaden: NOT ONCE YA SEE
WHAT I'VE GOT FOR YA!
AH!
JUST WHAT I WANTED.
I PLAY...
ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX
...IN ATTACK MODE!
ACTUALLY,
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
I SHOULD SAY
SLAYER MODE!
CUZ THAT'S JUST
WHAT SHE'S GONNA DO
TO THAT DRAGON!
AWESOME! JADEN'S
JUST TAKEN LEAD!
NUH-UH.
HE'S TAKEN THE BAIT.
UH-OH.
I ACTIVATE
MY MASKED DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
YOU SEE, WHEN THIS CARD
IS SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD
DUE TO A BATTLE,
I CAN SUMMON
A DRAGON-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 1,500 OR FEWER
ATTACK POINTS FROM MY DECK.
AND I HAVE JUST THE ONE!
GO AHEAD AND SEE
FOR YOURSELF!
COME OUT,
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 3!
[CHEERING]
UH--LEVEL?
YEAH, AND 3's THE LOWEST.
IF CHAZZ PLAYS THIS RIGHT,
THAT DRAGON WILL
GET A LOT BIGGER.
INDEED.
I JUST WONDER WHERE
CHAZZ EVER GOT SUCH
A POWERFUL CARD.
WHY, ISN'T THAT ONE
OF YOUR SCHOOL'S
TOP CARDS?
OH, FOSTER,
YOU DIDN'T...
I DID WHAT I HAD TO DO.
I TOLD YOU, SHEPPARD.
I WANT THAT PRIZE,
AND I AM GOING TO GET IT.
OH, YEAH?!
WELL, NOT IF
I HAVE ANYTHING
TO SAY ABOUT IT YOU WON'T,
MY OLD FRIEND!
LET'S GO, JADEN!
COME ON!
JADEN IT UP!
YEAH, UH, SURE.
ANYWAY,
SWEET CARD, CHAZZ.
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
WHAT THAT ARMED DRAGON
CARD CAN DO!
DON'T WORRY,
YOU'LL HAVE
A FIRST-ROW SEAT!
'TIL THEN! BUT NOW,
I'M THROWIN' DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND ENDIN' MY TURN!
GREAT! NOW I CAN START
ENDING YOU!
HEH!
[CHUCKLING]
YOU SEE, JADEN,
DURING MY STANDBY PHASE,
ARMED DRAGON'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES,
SO BY SENDING ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND SACRIFICING
HIS LEVEL 3 FORM,
I CAN SUMMON
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 5
DIRECTLY TO THE FIELD!
SAY WHAT?!
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
NOW THEN...
LET'S GO AHEAD
AND GET TO IT, SHALL WE?
ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 5, RISE!
[ROARING]
[CHEERING]
BE CAREFUL, JADEN!
BY LEVELING UP,
ARMED DRAGON'S POWER
HAS SUBSTANTIALLY
INCREASED,
AND HE WAS PLENTY
POWERFUL BEFORE!
AW, MAN...
[CHUCKLING]
WOW, CHAZZ,
THAT THING'S PRETTY SWEET!
BUT THEN...SO'S MY TRAP!
HERO RING!
AND I'LL EQUIP IT...
TO BURSTINATRIX!
NOW MONSTERS WITH 1,900
OR MORE ATTACK POINTS
CAN'T ATTACK!
THEM'S THE BREAKS!
Chazz:
HA HA HA!
HUH?
YOU WANT BREAKS?
I'LL GIVE YOU BREAKS,
JADEN,
BECAUSE EVEN WITH THAT
HERO RING SHIELD OUT,
MY ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 5
IS GOING TO CRUSH
YOUR CREATURE!
HOW?
ARMED DRAGON'S SPECIAL
ABILITY, THAT'S HOW!
YOU SEE, BY DISCARDING
A MONSTER TO THE GRAVE,
I CAN DESTROY A MONSTER
OF YOURS WHOSE ATTACK POINTS
ARE EQUAL OR LESS
THAN THE ONE I TOSSED!
WAIT, SO...
SO IF FLYING
KAMAKIRI 1 GOES
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
THEN JADEN'S
BURSTINATRIX WILL BE
IN BIG-TIME TROUBLE!
SHE HAS
LESS ATTACK POINTS!
I'M SORRY, BURST...
MY BAD.
GO, ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 5!
SHRAPNEL BLAST!
[ROARING]
AND THAT WAS JUST
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
AAH!
NOW TIME FOR
HIS DIRECT ATTACK!
[ROARING]
INFERNO ROAR!
AAH!
UHH! UNH!
OHH!
HEH HEH! SO THAT'S
DUEL ACADEMY'S BEST, HUH?
OH!
COME ON!
GET UP, PLEASE!
I'M OK! THANK YOU
FOR YOUR CONCERN, THOUGH!
NICE SHOT!
HUH?
ALTHOUGH
I GOTTA SAY,
I THINK FOR THE NEXT
TV BROADCAST,
I'D LIKE TO ARRANGE
TO HAVE A STUNT MAN.
HA HA HA!
WHATEVER. I'M PLACING
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND ENDING MY TURN.
HE'S FINALLY ACTING
LIKE A PRINCETON.
THAT'S TRUE.
I JUST HOPE HE
DOESN'T WIN TOO FAST.
HUH?
HEY, THE LONGER
HE THRASHES THIS KID,
THE MORE WE MAKE
IN COMMERCIAL REVENUES.
[LAUGHING]
MY GO! HA!
YOU'RE IN
TROUBLE NOW!
I PLAY ELEMENTAL
HERO BUBBLEMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND WHEN BUBBLEMAN
IS SUMMONED,
IF THERE ARE NO OTHER
CARDS OUT ON MY FIELD--
LIKE RIGHT NOW--
I'M ALLOWED TO DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
AND NOW I'LL USE
ONE OF THEM--
POLYMERIZATION--
TO FUSE ELEMENTAL
HEROES AVIAN
AND SPARKMAN
WITH BUBBLEMAN
TO CREATE...
WAIT FOR IT...
ELEMENTAL HERO
TEMPEST!
ALL RIGHT!
YOU GOT HIM NOW,
JAY!
WITH FLY BOY THERE?
YOU BETTER
BELIEVE IT!
AND HE GIVES
A NEW DEFINITION TO
THE TERM AIR POWER!
GLIDER STRIKE!
THANKS FOR THAT...
IT LET'S ME PLAY
MY TRAP--
CALL OF THE HAUNTED!
UH-OH.
NOT THAT ONE!
DO YOU BELIEVE
IN GHOSTS?
WELL, YOU'RE ABOUT TO
BECAUSE THIS CARD
LETS ME SUMMON BACK
ANY MONSTER I WANT
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
AND I BET YOU CAN GUESS
WHICH ONE I'M GOING
TO PICK...
ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 5, RISE!
[ROARING]
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP!
SHOW NO MERCY!
[CHEERING]
Jaden: WELL, GUESS
I'LL JUST THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND HOPE
FOR THE BEST.
[THINKING]
GO AHEAD,
BECAUSE WITH WHAT
I HAVE FOR YOU,
EVEN YOUR BEST
WON'T BE ENOUGH!
Chazz: GET READY
FOR ME TO MOP
THIS LOW-RENT DUEL ACADEMY
FLOOR WITH YOU, JADEN!
CUZ NOW...
I'M USING ARMED DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
I'M DISCARDING DESPAIR
FROM THE DARK FROM MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
AND SINCE IT HAS
2,800 ATTACK POINTS,
YOUR BIRD MAN'S HEADED
TO THE PET CEMETERY!
NOW, ARMED DRAGON,
DESTROY HERO TEMPEST
WITH SHRAPNEL BLAST!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
DEFUSION!
QUICK! DEFUSE, TEMPEST!
TALK ABOUT CLOSE.
I KNOW. HE BARELY
SAVED HIS MONSTERS!
WHATEVER, MY ARMED DRAGON
STILL HAS HIS ATTACK TO USE!
AND NOW I'M GOING
TO USE IT!
GO, INFERNO ROAR!
[ROARING]
AAH! UNH!
HA HA HA!
AND NOW TO TAKE THIS DUEL
TO THE NEXT LEVEL, JADEN.
TO THE HIGHEST LEVEL!
WHAT?
IT'S TIME TO UPGRADE
MY ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 5
TO LEVEL 7!
NOW, WON'T YOU
JOIN ME, JADEN,
IN WELCOMING THE ULTIMATE
AND THE ALL-POWERFUL...
THE LEVEL 7 ARMED DRAGON!
[CHEERING]
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!!!
OK, SO HE'S BIG...
BUT WHO KNOWS?
I MEAN...HE COULD
BE FRIENDLY.
THAT'S STRANGE...
THAT MONSTER WASN'T
IN THE SUITCASE
I GAVE CHAZZ!
WHAT?!
[CHUCKLING]
[HUMMING]
JADEN!
WE'RE WITH YOU!
COME ON, EVERYBODY!
JADEN IT UP!
Chazz: TELL HIM
HOW IT REALLY GOES!
Crowd: CHAZZ IT UP!
SHOW HIM NO MERCY!
[CHUCKLING]
AW, WHAT WONG?
YOU'RE NOT SO
TALKATIVE ANYMORE?
YOU DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING TO SAY, JADEN?
YEAH, I DO!
I GOTTA GET ME
ONE OF THOSE!
HE'S SO COOL!
TRADE FOR HIM?!
NO, I WON'T TRADE
FOR HIM!
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH YOU?!
YOU SHOULD BE SCARED
OF HIM, NOT ADMIRING HIM!
BUT HOW COULD I NOT?
HE'S AN INCREDIBLE
MONSTER,
AND THIS HAS BEEN
AN INCREDIBLE DUEL.
HOW COULD ANYONE
NOT BE EXCITED?!
I MEAN, THIS IS
AS GOOD AS IT GETS!
I'M STOKED!
THIS IS WHAT
DUELING'S ALL ABOUT!
THANKS, CHAZZ!
THANKS?!
YOU'RE PITIFUL, JADEN.
JUMPING UP AND DOWN
LIKE SOME FOOL,
NEVER TAKING
ANYTHING SERIOUS--
THAT'S WHY YOU'LL
NEVER BE A CHAMPION.
YOU SEE, IT TAKES
DISCIPLINE TO WIN.
YOU NEED TO HAVE
A SENSE OF DUTY.
SOME KIND OF PLAN!
AND I HAVE A PLAN
AND I HAVE A SENSE OF DUTY,
AND THAT'S WHY I'M GOING
TO BEAT YOU, JADEN.
THAT'S WHY I'LL BEAT
ANYONE IN MY WAY!
I CAN CONQUER ANYONE!
YOU GOT THAT?!
I'M GOING TO CONQUER
THE WHOLE WORLD!
OK, WELL,
IF YOU DON'T MIND,
CAN I TAKE
MY TURN FIRST?
MAKE IT QUICK!
CHILL! ALL RIGHT,
I'LL CALL UP
WROUGHTWEILER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN!
HOW'S THAT
FOR QUICK?
NOT BAD!
BUT DOWNRIGHT SLUGGISH
COMPARED TO HOW QUICK
MY DRAGON'S GOING TO
TAKE OUT ALL YOUR MONSTERS!
WATCH THIS!
I'M USING MY ARMED DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
NOW, BY DISCARDING
A MONSTER FROM MY HAND,
I CAN DESTROY ALL MONSTERS
YOU HAVE OUT
WITH EQUAL OR FEWER
ATTACK POINTS!
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
OH, NO! THAT'LL LEAVE
JADEN WIDE OPEN!
DEAR ME!
THAT IS ONE
IMPRESSIVE
SPECIAL POWER.
I DISCARD
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 3
TO THE GRAVEYARD, SOOOO...
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
WITH 1,200 OR LESS
ATTACK POINTS...
WILL BE COMPLETELY
WIPED OUT!
GO! SERRATED SONIC DISCS!
DESTROY!
UHH! UHH!
JADEN, NO!
AAH!
IT'S OK!
YOU CAN STILL COME BACK!
JADEN IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP! CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!
WELL, BEFORE
WROUGHTWEILER
GOES BELLY UP,
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
GETS TO ACTIVATE!
ONE...THAT LETS ME
BRING POLYMERIZATION
AND AN ELEMENTAL HERO
TO MY HAND.
AS IF IT'LL MATTER,
YOU DUEL ACADEMY STOOGE!
THIS DUEL'S OVER!
IT'S TIME FOR YOU...
TO GO BYE-BYE!
LEVEL 7 ARMED DRAGON,
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY
WITH DRAGON TALON TERROR!
[ROARING]
[ALL GASPING]
JADEN!
HA HA HA!
[CHUCKLING]